hey guys technique HD here again with
another video I'm sorry I haven't made a
video in a while but today I'm going to
be unboxing my massive new 21.5 inch
delle st to-220 L monitor now this is a
Full HD 1080p monitor I did get the
version that comes with a DVI cable in
the box so it comes to the DVI cable and
a VGA cable but I am actually running
this to my computer through HDMI now I
have my really cool little knife here
and I'm just gonna open up the box I
don't really know what angle to use for
this but just splitting or cutting open
the top of the box there's a bunch of
tape here a couple extra stickers and
seals for the warranty stuff no biggie
now this monitor is my first 21.5 inch
monitor and coming from a 15 inch laptop
display this is a big upgrade now if you
guys are a long time followers of the
Technic HD channel you'll know I did get
him monitor a while back and an LG one
which unfortunately wasn't really that
good so I sold that I bought this just
now I actually just came in the mail and
I really really am loving it so far
actually edited this whole video on it
now here the first thing in the box
besides the styrofoam obviously is the
base of the monitor and it's then this
is a really nice heavy metal base with a
plastic top this top while
fingerprinting and smudgy is or and
looks really really nice now here also
there is the DVI cable now I'm not using
this right now but I will be getting a
new computer soon and that's gonna come
in really handy then so here we do also
have some manuals and CDs for drivers
and here is the other part at the stand
this is the neck as well as the part
that attaches to the monitor as well as
the base of the stand so let's just open
that up so here it is this is this nice
matte black really really nice feeling
plastic but it does have metal inside
it's very heavy so you can tell this is
great construction now just gonna pull
this styrofoam out of the box this is
always a pain everyone hates doing this
but it does keep my monitor safe so
that's pretty much what
I'd like while shipping now it was a
little bit of trouble getting the
monitor out of the box so here we go
through the magic of video editing here
is the monitor or first off obviously
the power cable now this is
country-specific of your connector I
have the European and Indian one or
Asian one now pre connected to the
monitor is our VGA cable or D sub 8 pin
cable obviously I did remove this
because i dint really need it and I'm
just gonna pull my monitor out of this
plastic here it is surprisingly light it
is quite big again coming from a 15 inch
laptop but if you guys are using
something like 27-inch monitor this is
going to seem a little small now we do
have some specifications and information
about the drivers and resolution when
yeah so again here we go to the magic of
video editing here is my monitor all set
up and ready on my desk now this is also
officially in my new desk setup now this
whole thing is being run off my HP
pavilion dv4 laptop which you guys will
see in a minute so here obviously this
is how the monitor looks my laptop is
down under there
with all the cables and everything
connected to it another monitor is
really nice and big and looks great on
my desk with this beautiful HD wallpaper
I found online I've got this light at
the back which gives a nice backlighting
then here is my computer which is
powering everything here is the audio
cable and I have a bunch of other cables
and the HDMI cable plugged in on the
other side
running this bad boy now thank you very
much for watching this video I really
really do hope that you guys enjoyed it
I will have a bunch more content coming
up soon and I'll catch you guys in my
next video